11:14 P.M., SHOTO BUNKAMURA STREET,
OUTSIDE THE CURTAIN
No, Ms. Kugisaki.
Mr. Nanami said so too.
And the reason I didn't tell
you about Miss Ieiri was…
To prevent me from
taking such reckless actions, right?
That's also why they came so late.
Even so…
I can't leave while
they are still fighting.
Wait!
Ms. Kugisaki!
(Episode 43: Right and Wrong Part 2)
(JUJUTSU KAISEN Shibuya Incident)
Maybe I should have asked
Dagon to leave more humans.
Never mind, it's enough.
Damn it.
Are you okay?
Hmm.
Damn.
Not bad.
As she avoided my hands,
she probably got the report
from 7:3 Hairstyle Sorcerer.
You are so cold.
But I'm a clone.
I can change my own shape,
but I can't control transfigured humans
or interfere with others' souls.
She actually helped me greatly
by wearing down her own spirit.
Didn't I tell you? This won't work on me.
You know it, right?
Sometimes, even if you know it,
you still have to do it.
STUPID
Take this.
Hairpin.
She jumped down.
What is she doing?
Another one.
Hairpin.
The nails on the ground…
I've been thinking
ever since I heard about your technique.
This should work on you.
Resonance!
Kugisaki…
No way!
My opponent
turns out to be not just Yuji Itadori.
Strange.
Why do I feel my cursed energy
has erupted not far away?
And your cursed energy
isn't strong enough.
You could've touched me forcibly just now.
Hey, you.
A clone can't use any techniques.
You are right.
The impact of the technique lingers.
I can't move freely yet.
Kugisaki.
Thank you.
I couldn't save anyone,
and everyone's effort is wasted.
Even so…
Thankfully you made me
realize I'm not alone.
So…
Right here.
I want to
kill you!
Since "Resonance" can harm him,
he won't launch continuous
attacks as he did just now.
The real show is about to begin.
No.
I will leave!
What?
Stop!
Although I could ignore him and head
straight to the fifth floor underground,
if I let him be, there'll be more trouble.
Going down?
Good, I'll exorcise him first,
then head directly to
the fifth floor underground.
He split up.
Which one?
One of the clones
must contain the critical
part of the soul.
He took the bait.
Damn, I was tricked by the cursed energy.
There are two of Mahito?
Did he create clones and act separately?
Now he wants to unite to heal himself?
What…
Itadori?
Run, Kugisaki!
Nice shot.
Don't get in the way!
Kugisaki!
So…
I only touched 7:3 hairstyle sorcerer once
and couldn't completely get rid of him.
What about her?
Heck, take this!
Nobara, that won't do.
You need to stop your opponents
from returning to the field.
At that time…
Come on.
I thought everyone in the village was mad,
and I was the only normal person.
(JUJUTSU KAISEN)
You have to use the school bag
until sixth grade.
Are you sure you want this one?
Hmm.
Although mother tried to persuade me,
I still chose the water-blue school bag.
When I was about to start primary school,
our whole family moved to this village.
My parents were concerned about
the inconvenience of rural life,
but I just didn't want to be
separated from my friends.
There were only 19 students
in the entire school,
not 19 ones in a class.
Everyone carried a red
or black school bag.
I also liked red or black one,
but it seemed everyone
hated the water-blue one.
Thank… Thank you.
Fumi.
Give me your school bag, let's swap.
Swap with me.
Watch this!
Number one in Japan!
Hello, Kugisaki.
Oh no.
Kugisaki, it's you again?
So noisy, old man, don't come here!
She returned my school bag
to me on the same day.
I hate carrying a school bag.
Since that day, Nobara has
often stayed in my house
to play video games with my father.
Your gliding skill has improved.
Nobara didn't like
the people in the village.
Because the village is too small,
being strangers is even
harder than being friends.
At that time, I thought it was great.
A few years later,
when an old lady nearby brought
me a bowl of red bean rice,
I understood what Nobara said.
It does make people uncomfortable.
Fumi.
I found a secret base.
Nobara would say things
that children don't usually say.
But sometimes she said
something like this too.
From today on, I'm going to live there.
Looking back now, she must
have learned it from someone.
Her mother, for example.
Here.
The secret base Nobara talked about
was actually someone else's house.
You really came.
Come in, it's cold outside.
The girl's name is Saori.
She moved to this village
later than I did.
We would always drop by unexpectedly.
But she always welcomed us graciously,
never showing any signs of annoyance.
Come to think of it,
Saori always stayed at home.
Ever since we met Saori,
Nobara changed.
Yes, that's right.
Your talk like Matsuko.
Fumi, let me practice braiding pigtails.
Again?
Her tone of speech became softer.
How should I put it?
It's as if she has become more elegant.
Though we were both outsiders,
I felt so much inferior
to Saori in every aspect.
After a while,
things at Saori's home started to be off.
There was trash, graffiti,
and deliberately accumulated snow.
That made the grand
house look frightening.
And not long after that,
Saori moved away.
Nobara and I went to say goodbye to her.
I can no longer remember
what was said or how the weather was.
All I remember is
Nobara's face was covered in tears.
I didn't know she could cry.
Perhaps the shock of that is why
I can't remember anything else.
This June,
Nobara decided to go
to Tokyo for high school.
It seemed that she chose to leave at this awkward
time because of a fight with her grandma.
I'm leaving. I will never return here.
Fumi, you should also leave this village.
Mmm.
You aren't crying when you leave me.
Such a terrible idea
flashed through my mind.
It left me speechless.
After that day, we never
mentioned Saori again.
Fumi.
The next time we meet,
it'll be the three of us.
Mmm.
Saori, do you want to take a break?
No, I need to finish
the proofreading today.
No, I think it's yesterday.
It's still today before sunrise.
I have a pimple.
Something is wrong in Shibuya.
Is it a terror attack?
Senior, do you plan to get married?
Why do you ask?
I just think it shouldn't
have been like this.
I moved to a super rural place
when I was in the eighth grade.
A job transfer of your parents?
No, because my mom is a crazy woman obsessed
with organic food and spiritual enlightenment.
I see.
I met two girls there who were
seven years younger than me.
The girl named Nobara
was very clingy towards me.
Because I'm an only child,
I thought she was so cute.
So I acted like a big sister,
hoping she would look up to me.
I would serve them with black tea.
They were only in the first grade then.
That's cute.
I didn't exchange contact
information with her,
because I was afraid we
would gradually drift apart.
She even cried when I left the village.
But…
If she sees how ordinary I am now,
she'll probably be very disappointed.
I wonder how Nobara is doing.
What is she doing now and where is she?
Everyone in the village was mad.
That's not really the case.
It's just that those with issues
are particularly loud.
It made me think that everyone but me
would mindlessly trample
upon others' lives.
But that's not necessarily true.
Sorry, Fumi.
I can't keep our promise.
Itadori, tell everyone this for me.
"I've had a pretty good life."
Kugisaki.
The first time I got off at Tokyo station,
I was put off by the atmosphere where
I was forced to stand behind a truck.
Now I don't mind at all.
(Next Episode: Right and Wrong Part 3)
Life is more interesting with some stains.